{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24640\viewh14580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The\'a0 goals of each company is to increase the productivity. Productivity is based on the yearly net income growth.\'a0 In our questions, we emphasize on the contribution of businesses/sell and human resources services for the productivity. We are comparing the net income productivity of Alibaba with its competitors that raise the following questions as our hypotheses that will be tested based on our analyses.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0Based on our hypotheses and answering the questions, we can make a conclusion wisely.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Approach:
\b0  After the nlp for each company and their subsidiaries, we did find the most frequent words in each companies\'92 website and visualize it. Those frequent words are 
\b revenues
\b0 , 
\b selling, services,
\b0  
\b advertising , groceries, e-commerce, consumer, seller, invest, products
\b0  for the majority of our companies. We use these frequent words in our analyses to respond to our following questions. After comparing each company's yearly net income to find the highest income, we aim to find the most important factors for this increase of productivity based on the most common words that we call them control/contributing variables as was mentioned above. 
\b Is the most important variables that caused the net income/US total net income to increase is in the category of sells or services? Is the company with the highest economic growth invest more on sells or services?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Sells and services are two main categories causes the increase of income that are sells/businesses and human services that raise the following questions for our project. Our most common words, mentioned before are in these two mentioned categories.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Economic Growth of the Company
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 1- What are the main competitor of Alibaba based on the companies\'92 net income?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 2-\'a0 What are the company\'92s percentage of revenue growth over the last few years? 
\b Which company has the highest net income
\b0 ? And to what percentage, these company\'92s income contribute to the expansion of U.S/China\'92s market? For example, Amazon\'92s revenue will grow 50% per year, expanding its share of the U.S market from 4.1% in 2018 to 7%.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Investment on Sales/businesses or Human resources?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Is the revenue growth (productivity)\'a0 of the company is based on the investment of the business expenditure strategy or human? resources\'a0 (employees and customers)?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 To answer this, we classify the questions in two parts:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Sales:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 1- What are the most profitable companies\'92 business/sells? What are the most effective sales products through which companies\'92 revenue increases?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 2-\'a0 Is the company making more money (more productivity) mostly based on the domestic sells or the international sells?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 3-\'a0 As for the international sells, which country/continent contribute mainly on the international business of the company?\'a0 For example, if the more international business is in North America, how much will do sells?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 4-\'a0 As for the selling, are the company\'92s deal to vendors or to the content creators, authors, independent publishers, musicians, filmmakers, skills and app developers?
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Services:
\b0 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 1-Which services are more effective to increase the productivity and contribute to the expansion of the US net revenues? \'a0 What are the growth of these services over the last years? How these growth will influence the productivity and US income growth rate? Are there advertising , groceries, e-commerce that are our frequent words? How our common words ( )that are regarding the services, how the convenient delivery services of products from thousands of manufacturers will affect the productivity increase? How the e-commerce(most popular word) of companies have evolved and improve over the years?
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Satisfaction/Happiness and Productivity
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Consumer\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 1- What are the consumer satisfaction affect the productivity of the company? I found this information on the Ebay webpage
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Employees\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \'a01- How the employees\'92 satisfaction increase the\'a0 productivity of the company?  Is employees\'92 satisfaction are from work environment, cooperation, amount of work they accomplish or salaries?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Conclusion?
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Based on all the above, we wanted to make the conclusion:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Do the companies/industries need to invest more on human resources or products/sells/businesses?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
}